docs: correct example of persist usage (#12302)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/25-build-and-deploy/60-adapter-cloudflare.md

Preferences for the emulated `platform.env` local bindings. See the [getPlatformProxy](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/api/#syntax) Wrangler API documentation for a full list of options.

#### persist

> Indicates if and where to persist the bindings data. If not present or true, defaults to the same location used by Wrangler, so data can be shared between it and the caller. If false, no data is persisted to or read from the filesystem.

Reviewer: I’m a bit wary of adding docs for the platform proxy options here. This would mean we’d have to keep them updated if cloudflare changes them compared to just linking back to the official docs.

Reviewer 2: I agree. Copying the docs from that page into this one seems hard to maintain. Moreover, if we were going to do it, we should do it for all of them instead of just a single property

> Indicates if and where to persist the bindings data. If not present or true, defaults to the same location used by Wrangler, so data can be shared between it and the caller. If false, no data is persisted to or read from the filesystem.

Reviewer 2: "not present or true" is confusing because I don't know if "not" applies only to "present" or also to "true"
```suggestion
Indicates if and where to persist the bindings data. If `true` or `undefined`, defaults to the same location used by Wrangler, so data can be shared between it and the caller. If false, no data is persisted to or read from the filesystem.
```

> 
> #### persist
> 
> Indicates if and where to persist the bindings data. If not present or true, defaults to the same location used by Wrangler, so data can be shared between it and the caller. If false, no data is persisted to or read from the filesystem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
